:memo: Update DNS configuration instructions (#2447)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/domains/troubleshoot.md

title: "Going Live - Troubleshooting"
weight: 4
description: |

>   If your site still doesn't resolve after the DNS changes, check the troubleshooting before contacting support.

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench: 
```suggestion
  If your site doesn't resolve after you've made DNS changes, check potential solutions to common issues.
```

sidebarTitle: "Troubleshooting"
---

{{% description %}}

## Verify DNS

> On the command line using macOS, Linux or the Linux subsystem for Windows, type:

Reviewer: :clipboard: 
```suggestion
On the command line using macOS, Linux, or the Windows Subsystem for Linux, run the following command:
```

> `host www.{{< variable "YOUR_DOMAIN" >}}`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion

```bash
host www.{{< variable "YOUR_DOMAIN" >}}
```
````

> The response where `www.{{< variable "YOUR_DOMAIN" >}}` is `example.com` should be something like:

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench: 
```suggestion
If your domain is `example.com`, the response should be something like the following:
```

```text

> www.{{<variable "YOUR_DOMAIN" >}} is an alias for main-def456-abc123.eu-2.platformsh.site.
> main-def456-abc123.eu-2.platformsh.site has address 192.0.2.1

Reviewer: :clipboard: The whole point of having `example.com` above is to use it in the example
```suggestion
www.example.com is an alias for main-abcd123.abcdefgh1234567.eu.platformsh.site.
main-abcd123.abcdefgh1234567.eu.platformsh.site has address 192.0.2.1
```

```

> If it isn't:

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench: 
```suggestion
If it isn't, try the following steps:
```

> * Your DNS server probably isn't correctly configured or the DNS configuration didn't propagate yet. Try and remove your local DNS cache.

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench: 
```suggestion
* Your DNS server might not be correctly configured or the old DNS records are still cached.
  Try removing your local DNS cache.
```

> * Set the DNS server of your computer to the Google public DNS server (`8.8.8.8` and `8.8.4.4`) to see if the issue is with the DNS server you are using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the your computer's DNS server to Google Public DNS (`8.8.8.8` and `8.8.4.4`)
  to see if the issue is with the DNS server you are using.
```

* Run `ping www.{{< variable "YOUR_DOMAIN" >}}`.

>    If the result is different from what you got from the `host www.{{< variable "YOUR_DOMAIN" >}}`,
>    IP-overrides could be leftover [from testing](checklist.md#2-test-your-site).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the result is different from what you got from running `host www.{{< variable "YOUR_DOMAIN" >}}`,
  you might need to remove your [test settings](./checklist.md#2-test-your-site).
```

## Verify SSL

> On the command line using macOS, Linux or the Linux subsystem for Windows,
> type: `curl -I -v  https://www.{{< variable "YOUR_DOMAIN" >}}`.

Reviewer: :clipboard: 
````suggestion
On the command line using macOS, Linux, or the Windows Subsystem for Linux, run the following command:

```bash
curl -I -v  https://www.{{< variable "YOUR_DOMAIN" >}}
```
````

## Verify your application

On the command line type `platform logs app` and see there are no clear anomalies there.
Do the same with `platform logs error`.

## Use ASCII for the domain

Platform.sh expects an ASCII representation of your domain.
To use an internationalized domain name, convert your IDN domain to ASCII.
Use a tool such as the [conversion tool provided by Verisign](https://www.verisign.com/en_US/channel-resources/domain-registry-products/idn/idn-conversion-tool/index.xhtml).

## Something still wrong?

{{% troubleshoot %}}

> If your website is still not working as expected, [contact support](/overview/get-support.md)

Reviewer: :clipboard: 
```suggestion
If your website is still not working as expected, [contact support](../overview/get-support.md).
```
